Beyond the Untraveled Road

Gênero Sugerido: Hard Rock / Post-Grunge
BPM: 145 BPM

[Introdução]
(Inicia com um riff de guitarra distorcido e pesado, acompanhado por
uma batida de bateria constante e enérgica) 
(Baixo entra preenchendo o som com uma linha agressiva)

[Verso 1]

I used to hide away, just trying to save my soul
Stuck inside my head, losing all control
The pressure of the shoes I was forced to wear
Left me faithless, gasping for a breath of air
But a spark is igniting, a fire in the dark
It’s time to rise up and finally leave a mark

[Pré-Refrão]
(Crescendo instrumental - guitarras dobradas)
The voices of the unheard are starting to wake
Every chain, every lie, we’re about to break
I won’t be a witness to my own defeat
I’m standing my ground, I won’t retreat!

[Refrão]
(Explosão de energia - Vocais potentes) 

I’m awake, I’m alive, and
I’m heading for the door
I’m a soldier, a conqueror, I’m not a slave no more
On this untraveled road, where no one wants to go
The shot heard 'round the world is the truth I show!
(It’s our resistance!)
No, they can’t resist us!

[Verso 2]

They try to pull me down into the deep and dark
But Your breath inside me provides the missing spark
I’ll march with my feet on this solid ground
Though I scream in the silence, they’ll hear the sound
No more fake smiles, no more living a lie
I’m gonna learn to fly tonight and kiss the sky!

[Ponte / Bridge]
(Solo de guitarra épico e técnico, seguido por uma queda dinâmica)
(Voz sussurrada que ganha força gradualmente) 

Words can be weapons,
or they can be the light
One belief, one faith, to win this fight
Heavy as a hurricane, louder than a train
We rise from the ashes, we rise through the pain!

[Refrão Final]
(Toda a banda em volume máximo - Clímax emocional)
 
I’m awake, I’m alive, and I’m heading for the door
I’m a soldier, a conqueror, I’m not a slave no more
On this untraveled road, where no one wants to go
The shot heard 'round the world is the truth I show!

[Outro]
(Batidas duplas de bumbo acompanhando o riff final) 
I won't back down
(Waking up!)
I'm not alone
(Rising up!)
On this untraveled road...
(Feedback de guitarra desaparecendo lentamente)